What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	so that you can start using version control with git

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The working directory holds the commits that are the combined elements 
	from the staging area at a certain period. The repository holds all of
	these elements at any given time
	This allows you to stage related files and commit them together so they
	will show up under the same commit which streamlines the everything when
	you look through the history

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?
	You can always check what is in the staging area to make sure that is the
	change you intended to make and that that is the only change that is about
	to be committed. It seems to simply be a double check before a commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?
	When you want to play around with a potential/experimental code but want 
	to keep the main/original code intact. The branch provides an easier 
	separation between the two rather than continually looking back and forth.
	It would also help if you eventually want two different versions for some 
	reason

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	They make it easy to see where certain pieces of code may have landed and 
	where they all come back together. Just generally easier to track the 
	progress of a program's parts

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?
	We can combine some code that is now "production quality" into the master branch to update the master branch

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges 
manually?
	Auto merging is simply way easier and faster whereas merging manually 
	lets the programmer know exactly where and how each change is made and 
	allows him to avoid conflicts. (though conflicts are pointed out 
	explicitly with the auto merging)